fix: fixed first person language in discount calculator workshop (#67426)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-discount-calculator/68e52994bc7ea2e3dec5309d.md

# --description--

> Now create a third discount strategy for premium users. Create a class named `PremiumUserDiscount` that inherits from `DiscountStrategy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the third discount strategy, create a class named `PremiumUserDiscount` that inherits from `DiscountStrategy`.
```
